 I am applying for Financial Aid because I want to become one of  the best android developer so that I can able to provide support to my parent .My parent are supporting us fully but due to our financial condition I can able to opt any of ur courses .I have one little sister and brother who are also studying my parent cant effort the fees for our education .The courses  that is provided by coursera  is excellent but the cost is the courses  is very high .Since I want to get the job to support my parent in giving education to my brother and sister I need to do my best .The certificate will also help to reach my goal . I want  help my brother and sister to get educated and complete their higher education. I Also have a lot of interest in app development I Have a lot of Knowledge about this but I don't have a proof for that to show to companies .So I want this valuable certificate to add it to my resume
.I hope coursera will provide support to me and my family so that i can achieve my future goals and support my family.
This course will helps a lot as I want to learn the detailed concept of android development so that I can able to build apps .After Completing the course I cant able to build android apps that I can able to publish in play store .The earning that I get from play store can provide support to my family so that my sister and brother can able to complete their higher studies .And the Education provided by coursera is best and also the certificate is very valuable for me to get a good job in future. This Course will help me to get hired easily I can able to add the certificate to my resume so that companies can hire me by seeing my work as well as the certificate. And For a person like me it will a very big achievement  
As I already mention I am a student and I have no income source to pay the fees also my parent cant able to effort the fees for three children .So its a humble request to help me to enroll this course for free Thank you.
----------------------------------------------
 I am applying for Financial Aid because I want to become one of  the best web developer so that I can able to provide support to my parent .My parent are supporting us fully but due to our financial condition I can able to opt any of your courses .I have one little sister and brother who are also studying my parent cant effort the fees for our education .The courses  that is provided by coursera  is excellent but the cost is the courses  is very high .Since I want to get the job to support my parent in giving education to my brother and sister I need to do my best .The certificate will also help to reach my goal . I want  help my brother and sister to get educated and complete their higher education. I Also have a lot of interest in web development I Have a lot of Knowledge about this but I don't have a proof for that to show to companies .So I want this valuable certificate to add it to my resume.
I hope coursera will provide support to me and my family so that i can achieve my future goals and support my family.
This course will helps a lot as I want to learn the detailed concept of web development so that I can able to build web app .After Completing the course I cant able to build my own professional website that I can able to publish  .The earning that I get from that website can provide support to my family so that my sister and brother can able to complete their higher studies .And the Education provided by coursera is best and also the certificate is very valuable for me to get a good job in future. This Course will help me to get hired easily I can able to add the certificate to my resume so that companies can hire me by seeing my work as well as the certificate. And For a person like me it will a very big achievement .so kindly please help me to take this course 
--------